0	science fiction ( often shortened to sf or sci fi ) is a genre of speculative fiction , typically dealing with imaginative concepts such as futuristic science and technology , space travel , time travel , faster than light travel , parallel universes , and extraterrestrial life .	i think science fiction is an amazing genre for anything . future science , technology , time travel , ftl travel , they 're all such interesting concepts .
1	i 'm a huge fan of science fiction myself !	awesome ! i really love how sci fi storytellers focus on political social philosophical issues that would still be around even in the future . makes them relatable .
2	i agree . one of my favorite forms of science fiction is anything related to time travel ! i find it fascinating .	it 's not quite sci fi , but my favorite version of time travel is in harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban . breaks zero logical rules .
3	and that 's difficult to do when dealing with time travel . i actually have n't seen the latest harry potter movies . guess it 's time to check them out !	if you really want a look at the potential negative consequences of scientific innovation , what you should check out is the tv show fringe . incredibly well written .
4	thank you for the suggestion , i will definitely check it out !	it blends science fiction and paranormal psychological mk ultra type stuff together , but it 's science fiction at its core .
5	can you imagine the world without internet access ?	no i could not ! i could n't imagine living when internet access was rare and very few people had it !
6	oh me either ! it seems like such a long time ago . i wonder when internet was first created ?	it used to be restricted , but around 1995 , the restricted were lifted and commercial use of it began
7	that is awesome . i wonder why it was restricted ? probably because they only wanted government and big companies to use it at first .	yes , it was developed from a government funded projects to help with universities research and laboratories in the united states ... i am so glad they expanded it !
8	i am too , it makes life so much easier !	what is your favorite thing to do with internet access ? i like being able to use my computer and smartphone to use my email and browse the world wide web
9	i am just finishing my university course and i will be a qualified pharmacist . i am so excited about finishing and getting out there into the world of work ! do you work yourself ?	yes , i perform administrative duties as a pharmacy technician .
10	fantastic so you know all about the field . i completed my four year course and also two 6 month placements but its not the same until you actually start working . do you work in a busy pharmacy ?	yes , i work directly with a lot of patients .
11	your role would be very important with face to face interaction with patients . especially those who are unwell or very worried about a medical issue	yes , it is necessary to develop our organization .
12	i think that pharmacists , pharmacy technicians and all pharmacy staff are very important in society today . society is moving towards more pharmacy care for minor ailments rather than gp . would you agree ?	yes , without the monitoring tasks we do , while checking for side effects , there would be chaos .
13	i agree . it has been great talking with an experienced worker in the field i am trained in . just cant wait to get my first job . i will be mentored first for a year which will be great .	i agree , just wait till you get your master of pharmacy , you will n't need to be mentored anymore .
14	i have homebrewed before . beer can be fun to craft .	basically homebrewing is personal small scale beer production
15	yes , that is correct . and it can be used to make some really cool concoctions .	beer has been brewed by home brewers even prior to commercial production
16	home brewers have been around for centuries if not thousands of years .	when people first started they made thick beers , then fruit and rice wines
17	that 's interest . rice is also very versatile .	woman were the main home brewers before beer was even commercialized
18	i did not know that . i bet they made some great beer .	the reason women did it mostly because it was considered a part of baking
19	red hair is rare but looks good sometimes .	i know , it 's a shame that red hair is only 1 to 2 of the population .
20	yea the really good red hair is great .	agreed , which is why it is such a shame that red hair is so rare .
21	yea i know , i think europeans have more of it	they do , as they are 2 to 6 red haired people in northern or western europe .
22	oh wow thats cool	i know , and the frequency is lower in other populations .
23	yea i think its the genes	i guess so , since it appears when two copies of the recessive allele on chromosome 16 is present .
24	romance is the expressive and pleasurable feeling from an emotional attraction towards another person .	i do n't know how to be romantic . i have trouble expressing emotional attraction .
25	i feel the same . i find it hard to make many friends so finding a romantic partner seems impossible .	the term " romance " originated in the medieval ideal of chivalry .
26	interesting . i feel that today the meaning has been changed to fit with hollywood 's idea of romance .	for sure . romantic love is relative but usually accepted as moments of intimacy .
27	romance can be small acts , like making breakfast for your significant other . but it 's portrayed as grand gestures which are unattainable .	i agree it has been portrayed as impossible actions . love consists of a variety of emotion and mental states .
28	it seems that in todays world it can be even harder to find a partner too .	good point . romance is associated with perfect partners , which is often unattainable . sexual attraction often is stronger .
29	no passages used	hello . i hope you might enjoy or know something about krav maga ?
30	i have no idea what or who that might be . why do people know them ?	i think krav maga is a martial art sport . that 's the reason i picked it . the only other option i had no info on !
31	do you know how long it 's been around ?	according to the info i have available to me it 's an israeli self defence system combining karate , judo , boxing , and realistic fight training . sounds dangerous !
32	it sounds painful .	yeah i agree . it also comes from street fighting . to me that means " limited rules " .
33	i have been trying for years to become a bank teller .	i think most bank job require require experience with handling
34	i agree , i have very little experience in the field , maybe thats why i cant get hired .	most banks provide on the job training for there employees
35	i see , doesnt that cost a lot of money to train employees ?	the law was enacted to establish federal assistance programs to prepare youth and unskilled adults for entry into the labor force and to provide job training to economically
36	that does sound like a good idea . do you know of any such programs ?	some of these federal programs included the civilian conservation corps ( ccc ) etc
37	parachuting , or skydiving , is a method of transiting from a high point to earth with the aid of gravity , involving the control of speed during the descent with the use of a parachute .	i like parachunting or skydiving
38	ive never done either but they sound terrifying , not a fan of heights	but it is interesting game . this first parachute jump in history was made by andre jacques
39	oh really ? sounds like a french name , what year did he do it ?	it done in cotober 22 1797 . theu tested his contraption by leaping from a hydrogen ballon
40	was he successful or did he kick the bucket off that stunt ?	i think its a success.the military developed parachuting tech
41	yea nowadays they are a lot more stable and well made .	yes , its useful for aircraft in flight and save the aircrews
42	hello , do you like true crime books at all ?	sometimes , depending on the writer
43	do you have a favorite wirter ?	yes his name is daniel w . drezner
44	what books of their is your favorite ?	not 's not only an author but also a blogger and a commentator
45	oh wow , are his stories set in the last decade ?	no , he 's born in 1960 ' s
46	denmark seems like a really cool place to visit	it probably is ! it 's actually a kingdom , and is nordic . it is a sovereign nation .
47	all of the nordic places in the netherlands seem really awesome and beautiful .	denmark is on the edge of sweden and norway and germany .
48	i bet it is quite the cold country .	the mainland of denmark is a peninsula and then there 's the archipelago which has 443 islands . the largest islands are zealand , funen and north jutlandic island .
49	that is quite the number , i didnt know that , thought it was just one big place .	the kingdom of denmark goes way back to the 10th century . it was a seafaring country and was involved in a struggle for control of the baltic sea .
50	hi there , i like to go swimming every thursday , what do you do with your week	the name thursday mean " thor 's day " . and i like to go to a restaurant on these days .
51	it does , it comes from norse mythology , thor , god of thunder . indeed most days of the week get their names from norse gods	it seems estonian did n't work on thursday . so a long weekend i guess .
52	oh wow , that sounds like a nice life . are you from estonia ?	no i wish so i did n't t have to work today , i m not even from the baltic region of northern europe where estonia is located .
53	have you ever visited the baltic region ? thursdays would be the day to go i suppose but i do n't know how warm it gets	no , i 've never been to estonia , latvia or lithuania , i do n't know how the weather is right now , but it is very cold on winter .
54	its headquarters are in hershey , pennsylvania , which is also home to hershey 's chocolate world .	hi there , i love chocolate , my favorite brand of chocolate is hershey coming from my local city of pennsylvania !
55	chocolate is quite tasty sometimes , i like milk chocolate now and then .	milk chocolate is definitely great by itself , it can also be in the form of liquid or paste as opposed to just a block . it is also flavoring in certain foods .
56	i can n't imagine consuming liquid milk chocolate , seems overwhelming . have you ever tried cocoa or cacao powder ?	i have , yes ! the process of that is interesting , it is when the cacao bean is dried and fully fermented and because of the seed 's fat , cocoa butter can be extracted .
57	sounds like a very involved process . i 've heard some cacao powders have a lot of heavy metal contamination though .	i have not heard that , so i am unaware . all i know is that the beans are the basis of chocolate and they originate in central america and parts of mexico .
58	divorce laws vary considerably around the world , but in most countries divorce requires the sanction of a court or other authority in a legal process , which may involve issues of alimony ( spousal support ) , child custody , child visitation access , parenting time , child support , distribution of property , and division of debt .	divorce laws vary by state and in most countries . most require a court and a legal process with issues of alimony and child support and visitation . i was divorced in 2001 .
59	woa that is hard , how different is the law now , compare to 2001 when you divorce ? im in a relationship never been married !	i am not sure how the laws have changed but the reasons for divorce can be due to incompatibility , lack of independence or just a basic personality clash . are you engaged ?
60	no , not yet , im too afraid of divorce , i have expierenced all of the reasons you just mentioned , was it to hard getting divorced ?	we were together 15 years so yeah it was rough . we had major personality clashes where we found ourselves in conflict over fundamental incompatibility in our personalities and lifestyles . do n't be afraid though ! it can be wonderful !
61	wao 15 years , thats so much , i cannot imagine getting back on track after 15 years , how about kids ? did you have any ?	yes , we had two daughters who were 6 and 12 at the time . luckily , we had no issues with child custody , visitation , parenting time , child support or any of those issues .
62	i am sort of bored with life right now . i can n't really think of anything exciting to do . do you know what i mean ?	yeah . i know the feeling . it s like i am left without anything to do . it 's pretty dull .
63	what can i do to spice thing up ? a new hobby or something ?	i am not really sure but if you do n't occupy your mind it could potentially damage your health .
64	really ? what are the consequences ?	well , for one thing the lack of simulation could leave to unpleasantness where you find yourself almost craving relief , among other social and behavioral consequences .
65	interesting . so , i guess you are saying that i need to actively pursue something so as to keep my mind engaged .	yes most definitely . boredom is a modern phenomenon throughout various cultures and it takes a lot of effort to conquer it .
66	with everything in the world at our fingertips , i suppose it is silly to even say that i am bored . i guess i should feel grateful .	i agree . it 's a state of mind we at times may feel , but in reality it is just a way for us to cope with things we face in life ( i . e , emotion , objective , subjective , etc .. )
67	chevrolet corvette	the chevrolet corvette is a great sports car
68	agreed , they look pretty nice for an american car .	its also been produced over seven generations
69	that 's such a long time , cool !	yea and the first model was amde in 1953
70	i 'm sure they looked really cool back then , i love classic cars .	yea they look awesome , also myron scott was the guy who named it which its cool that one guy came up with it
71	well he really came up with a great name , as it really captures the essence of the car itself .	yea the chevrolet corvette really is a great american classic car
72	i think im going to wear my contacts from now on	i love to wear my contacts they are so thin and feels like nothings there .
73	do they ever bother your eyes at all ?	no they use to in high school when i first started wearing them but now no problems i prefer them over glasses for many reasons how about yours ?
74	i just started wearing them but sometimes i dont like having to take them out	i do n't like to take mines out either i wish you could sleep in them but they made only for outdoor activities etc .
75	yeah i dont know maybe i should think about it morel	they are useful to us though they even call them our medical devices lol i guess for our eyes .
76	i teach in the kindergarten .	kindergarten means garden for the children
77	what age i supposed to be in the kindergarten	from 3 downwards , what i love about it is that social interaction as part of the transition from home to school .
78	how does social interaction relate to transition as mentioned ?	kids learn to interact with their peers.record shows that the first kindergarten centers were opened late 18th century in bavaria and strasbourg
79	when did the kindergarten system evolve ?	late 18th century . the word kindergarten was coined by the german friedrich fr bel ,
80	hello	hello !
81	i build aquariums for a living do you know much about them ?	oh how amazing ! they must be very difficult to construct . yes , actually i do know some about aquaria , such as the first aquarium was built in 1853 !
82	wow , i wonder how they kept the fish in such great health those days , i 'm sure it was a lot of hard work !	oh for sure ! do you have a small aquarium at home yourself ?
83	yes i only keep tropical fish in it . they are much prettier then fresh water fish , i want to have some sharks in mine .	how cool would that be ? ! sharks intrigue me . i wonder if they have any sharks stocked in any nearby public aquariums . i have a public aquarium near me in boston , ma .
84	that would be fun to see if they did . i would be afraid the shark would get to big and try to eat me !	that would be terrifying ! it 's my understanding that if any of the animals in an aquarium grow too large or too many of them reside in the tank , there will not be sufficient oxygen in the water for all of the animals . so , i 'm sure the size and amount of fish is n't too overwhelming .
85	fly fishing can be done in fresh or salt water .	i would like to try fly fishing
86	fishing ? what is that ?	fly fishing is an angling method in which an artificial fly is used to catch fish i have never been but would like to
87	i have never done that either . can you tell me more about it ? it sounds fun	you cast a nearly weightless fly it requires casting techniques significantly different from other forms of casting
88	i see , it must require a lot of precision right ? i am not very good at fishing .	yes it requires precision but you can do it fresh water or salt water so there are place around where i can go practice
89	i might go practice today since i have time . do you like fishing in fresh water ?	yes i like fishing in fresh water and the fly line they are today almost always coated with with plastic is heavy enough to send the fly to the target .
90	commercial trucks can be very large and powerful , and may be configured to mount specialized equipment , such as in the case of fire trucks and concrete mixers and suction excavators .	i drive a commercial truck that has special equipment on it .
91	that 's great , my mother wanted me to be a trucker when i was young :)	the first semi truck came out in 1881 . so it was well before your time .
92	oh yes . it 's an age old career i bet . are you happy with driving the truck ?	i am happy with it . i get to see the united states .
93	i would still want to get a truck , i love the designs . especially those shinny silver ones	yes designs are nice but trucks are for transporting cargo .
94	yes , that 's true though .	there are many features you need to look at for a truck : power and size .
95	my little pony is an entertainment franchise developed by hasbro , originally as a toy line for girls .	i loved my little pony toys , made by hasbro , when i was a child . did you like them ?
96	my sister was really into them , and strawberry shortcake also . i think i was a bit older when they came out .	yes , they were made by a group of three developers and first produced to the market in 1981
97	yeah , i would have been 8 at that time and i think i was more into barbies . what is the name of the maker hasbro ?	yes , they were such cute little colorful ponies , with bright manes and their own special symbols . i loved them back then !
98	it 's so neat that all those toys from the 80s are coming back !	it is ! there was a my little pony series that came out on tv back in 2010
99	skateboarding is an action sport which involves riding and performing tricks using a skateboard .	i love skateboarding in my free time . it 's a sport where you ride and do tricks on a board
